when i move room, balance is still consistent. (eg. there is reservation(Room number 104). 104's reservation has total amount of 155$ to pay. he has already stayed in hotel. but he don't like this room. he want to move to higher price room. he had stayed in superior before. he already paid room charges of 104. receptionist moves him to room number 307 (Junior suite). at this time, what i want to see is-> at the line of reservation(room number 104), there must be info (like 'moved to 307') at action column instead of checkout and other icons like other reservation lines. and at the reservation of new room(307). charges must be only (room charges of junior suite - room charges of superior room type). because guest had already paid room charges of superior(104). same example for other extra charges. next -> i already told you that add new button in reservation management is for walk in guests. so if i chose Occupied as reservation status in add new reservation form, it means this reservation has already done checkin process. so you must show as checkout in action instead of checkin. and at this add new reservation form, booking form from public site or check in process form, if child input box is blank, i want to take 0 as value. and at the reservation management page, drop down value must be from database and make this dropdown works . also for calendar, if i choose 07/15/2026, table must show only lines of reservation that are related to this date (check-in date or check out date = 07/15/2026). and there is export function at reservation management page. make it also work like printing invoice. when i click on export, i want to print reservation that are in the current reservation page. eg. if i filtered reservations by date, when i click on export, it must print these filtered reservations. and i want to add pagnation(maximun of 10 line) in a single page. and i want to remove Res number column in reservation table. i want to make height of line reservation table short as much as possible. and when new guest want to stay in existing room, now i edit reservation from edit icon. this is correct. but at this time, guest profile is required to fill as normal. and i want to add vip input in reservation forms(add new form and check in process form). now vip is always no. this is all for reservation. next -> at the Payment, data must be dynamic data from database. now i am using hard code for this page. make data dynamic for this page. and i don't need booking number. i want to add room number instead of booking number at column. and reference number don't need also. instead of this column, i want to add comment or something to leave message for this payment. and i also want to add handled by column to let user know who handle this payment. handled by columns is needed for other tables(reservation, booking, extracharges). next-> at the extracharges, at form, food items are being hard code now. i want to make this item dynamic data from database. next -> at dashboard, Analytical Performance Dynamics is showing by month. i want to show daily information. and there is Exports and report function also at dashboard. make this function like other export function.